OK.
So you are about to see a
complex scene. Imagine you are
describing the scenes as someone
who cannot see the picture.
Describe what is happening and
what you see in this scene.
As thoroughly as possible,
please try to take roughly 3 to
5 minutes to describe this
scene. Now I will pull up the
scene for you.
Terials.
OK.
And now I will share my screen.
And I will make this bigger for
you.
OK, so.
Like I said before, just
describe the scene and take
roughly 3 to 5 minutes and let
me know when you're ready or I
will tell you when the five
minutes is rough.
This this would really mess with
anyone's brain with aphasia.
#START_birthday_party_fun OK,
this scene has a lot of people
and a lot of animals and a lot
of activities in it.
There's a large bouncy house
with a number of people in it.
There's a witch and a.
Little boy in a alligator
costume.
And a Bunny rabbit and a bat and
a clown and a little girl.
Lots of other people are in the
bouncy house. The bouncy house
is bright colored yellow with
red on the corners which are
turrets. Looks like a castle and
people are sliding out of it on
a red ramp.
And then around it there's a lot
of other people. I don't know if
it's people in costumes. It
looks like people dressed up in
costumes, like a costume party.
So there's a zebra and a lion. A
Penguin.
And looks like an animal catcher
chasing them, elephant and a
giraffe. And then in front of
the bouncy house, a little ways
in front of there is a little
wading pool with some kids in
there splashing somebody with
water.
Another little boy is spraying a
water gun at somebody and a
couple kids are just just
lounging in the pool.
There's also a large table with
a lot of food on it. So there's
sandwiches and cupcakes, looks
like salad and a cake and
cookies. A lot of people are
helping themselves through the
food. There's a Princess and a
chef.
And a little girl dressed in a
strawberry costume.
There's some.
Dogs. Real dogs. Not in, not in
a costume.
And there's somebody in a little
pig costume.
There is. All of this is
enclosed in a little grass area
that looks like there's a fence
at least on two sides, with a
house on the other side.
And one of the fences, there's a
neighbor lady, an old neighbor
lady with a Gray with Gray hair
and glasses looking over the
fence she probably wishes she
could join. There's a pinata
hanging from a tree, and a
little boy with a blindfold
who's trying to hit the pinata.
And another, a woman is trying
to guide the little boy a little
bit.
There is a group playing tug of
war.
Looks like it might be girls
against boys.
One side has someone who looks
like.
Robin from Batman and a pirate
and a witch.
The other side has a Viking and
an Indian.
And.
I can't tell what that one is.
There's also some people who
look like they're just showing
up to the party. Must be a big
birthday party, and they are
handing someone some presents
and there's a big table.
Filled with presents pink and
purple and yellow and orange and
blue, all on a table that has
colorful pendants around it with
a white tablecloth.
There are.
Let's see what these people are
doing. They're playing with
water guns and somebody's
holding a hose.
There's a lot of people in
costumes. There's a skeleton and
a devil and an Indian and a
robber.
And a mummy and pilgrims.
Um, there's also coming in. On
one side there's a green hedge
with a gate, and it looks like
that's how people are getting
into the party. Someone's
walking in with another present,
and some other people are
following, carrying other
presents.
#END_birthday_party_fun
How long was that? yes, that
just hit. Yep, OK and now I will
share the next one.
See what's up next.
OK.
But.
The next.
OK. And?
I'm going to share my screen.
And I'm going to.
OK, so this is also another
complex scene. You could begin
when you're ready.
#START_picture_this OK, so this
scene is.
Is a collage of pictures, and
each picture has a frame around
it.
Umm.
Let's see. I'll just try to
describe some of the pictures.
So there's pictures of sumo
wrestlers.
And fish.
And an old man walking with an
umbrella and a suitcase, all
dressed in blue.
There's a camel.
There's.
Uh, and and older man who is
bald with.
A little bit of brown hair and a
big brown mustache and brown
eyebrows.
There's a.
Couple of boys leaning up
against a palm tree. One boy has
a bright red shirt and blue
pants. The other boy has a green
shirt and blue pants, and it
looks like they're shaking
coconuts out of the tree.
There's.
These are hard to describe.
There's a couple people looks
like just walking. Maybe a mom
and her son and the moms got a
blue dress with a belt on and
white shoes.
And she's got dark hair. And the
boy or the man has also dark
hair and a bright red shirt and
blue pants.
They're just walking. There's
another looks like a vendor
who's selling hats and he has a
lot of hats on his head. In his
hand, he has a Red Hat and a
yellow hat, and he's got a big
across his shoulder. 2 bags, it
looks like.
It's not wearing any shoes. It's
white pants and a white shirt,
and he has probably 20 hats on
top of his head. Blue, yellow,
red.
Green.
Assume he's trying to sell them.
There's another person.
I guess playing.
Violin, but it looks like a very
large violin, and he's holding
it kind of awkwardly. He has a
hat and a red.
jacket looks like a cello, but
he's kind of playing it like a
violin.
There's a cactus that is
running, so it's a green cactus
and you can see all the little
needles off of him and he's and
he's running.
There is.
Man.
A man with Gray hair.
And.
Umm.
A red grass skirt maybe? And
there's a bear who has a rope
tied around the man.
And the bear is holding up
something looking like.
A stick with two.
2 balls hanging off of it. Who?
And maybe he's trying to
hypnotize the man.
Umm.
That's quite odd.
Let's.
These are very hard to describe.
There's a man who looks like he
was in a boxing match, maybe
leaning laying over the the side
ropes, and the man looks very
tired. His tongue is hanging
out. He has a yellow shirt and a
blue hat and blue pants.
I don't know if he was fighting.
#END_picture_this
How long was that? That was
perfect. I've I've been cutting
it around 4 minutes so it's in
the middle. OK here. Thank you.
That those were hard to
describe.
OK, now let me pull up the next
one.
OK.
Ohh.
Aye.
Over the next.
Makes sense?
OK, I'm going to share my screen
now.
OK, do you see?
By the lake.
Yes, let.
Present.
Oh.
Oh oh wait, what's happening?
I didn't do that.
Oh, there we go. Do you see it
now? OK, perfect. So like
before, when you're ready, you
could just start describing
there's just something covering
up. The bottom part says your
session is live, but that's OK.
I can kind of see through it.
There we go.
#START_by_the_lake OK, so this
scene is at a lake and it looks
like a mountain lake. In the
very back you can see really
tall mountains.
And on the top of the mountains
is snow.
And the sky is blue with some
white clouds.
Around the lake there's a
castle.
And then on the other side, it
looks like a house with a lot of
trees, tall trees, short trees,
medium trees, bushes.
There is a lakeside cabin with a
front porch.
And on the front porch is a
yellow inflatable boat, and
there's a man standing in pink
pants with a yellow shirt and
blue cap with binoculars looking
out at everyone on the lake.
There's a little boy running
down the path in front of him.
With a yellow shirt and red
shorts carrying a blue bag,
running to greet a friend.
In the lake, there's a lot of
people in the lake, so there's a
group of people on a floating
platform. A lot of kids. Some
are sitting on the edge, some
are standing, some are climbing
up onto the platform on a
ladder. There's a boy sitting on
a chair on the platform. Some of
the kids are jumping off the
platform into the lake.
There's also people.
In.
Kayaks paddling through the lake
in a red kayak and a blue kayak.
There's three people on a green
and white jet ski and they're
all wearing orange life vests.
There is a dragon boat.
Full of people wearing yellow
shirts and dark pants, and
they're rowing across the lake.
The dragon is yellow and green.
There are some sailboats with
white sails and blue sails.
There is somebody parasailing,
looks like two people
parasailing from a pink boat.
And their
Parasail is all the colors of
the rainbow.
There.
Are some dogs jumping into the
lake?
There are a group of people who
are building a large sandcastle.
With an igloo.
And castles with turrets.
There is.
People playing volleyball.
Umm.
Looks like a mix of boys and
girls are playing volleyball and
someone is just hitting the ball
over the fence and he's got
orange shorts and a pink shirt
on. I mean a pink cap on.
There are people just sitting,
enjoying the days leading up
against a red and white boat,
and there's a man playing the
guitar and singing to another
girl sitting next to him.
There are people flying kites,
there's a boy in.
Bright green shorts with a
baseball cap turned backwards
and he's flying a kite that has
all the colors of the rainbow.
#END_by_the_lake
You're just going to stop me
when time's up.
Oh yeah, you're you're good. So
we can move on to the next.
There's so much you could talk
about this for hours.
Exactly.
Yeah, let me pull up the next
one.
Is there anything I should be
doing differently, or is this
what you're looking for? Yeah,
this is what we're looking for,
just describing what you see.
Let's see what's next.
OK.
So the next.
Thing that we're going to do is
a complex.
We were doing complex scenes and
now we're going to do a story.
So with this you will have to
just it's the same thing.
Except we ask that you spend
like.
Let me just find the PowerPoint
really quick so I can make sure
I'm saying the right amount
time.
OK.
OK, so with graphic novels, um,
you're going to be asked to look
at a series of pictures that
tell a story. Imagine that you
were telling the story to
someone who cannot see the
pictures. Describe what you see
and what is happening as you go
through the story, this story.
So the story will be about.
But the examples like if it's
around 30 minutes long, it'll
take roughly 10 to 15 minutes to
tell the story. So I will pull
up the story and see how many
slides it is.
And you could tell me as you're
ready for me to like move
through each slide.
Are you going to tell me when 10
to 15 minutes is up or should I
keep track OK?
I'll keep track of that.
And you don't have to. So let me
just pull up the first one and
we'll see how long it is.
So you're gonna get.
Really.
OK, and I'm going to share my
screen now.
And there's the pictures in
there in sequential order, so.
Yes, they will be influentials
order of a story. So this first
story that we have is 8 slides
long.
You could tell me when to move
on. I will put it in present
mode.
Slideshow play from the
beginning. OK, so you could
begin.
And I just started in anywhere
or you could start describing
anything on this page and when
you're done with this page, you
tell me to move on to the next
page.
OK.
Well, let's see, there is a.
#START_arrival_4 There is a man
standing, holding his stomach
and his neck.
And I'm not sure if it's the
same and it looks like the same
man now is shaving. Looks like
he's probably getting ready to
go somewhere.
I don't know if he's shaving.
Yes, he's shaving. He's getting
ready to go some somewhere. So
he's standing in the bathroom
leaning over the sink and now
he's getting dressed. So he's
putting on a vest for his suit.
He already has on a white shirt
and he's buttoning his dark
colored vest. He's also got some
dark colored shoes that he's
leaning over to tie.
He is.
Looks like maybe getting some
money ready. Um, some paper
money and coins. He's got it in
his hand right now. He's
reaching for his hat, which is
also dark colored.
Now he's looking at a map, a
very detailed map of streets and
buildings.
He's folding... he's unfolding
the map so he can take a good
look at it, and he's standing
out on a street corner.
Looking at the map and studying
it.
Trying to figure out where he's
supposed to go. He's walking
down the street and he's being
followed by a very strange
little animal.
With four legs and two ears,
looks like a fish that is not in
water. Walking down the street
with him, he's out on a very
busy.
Interstate Highway in a.
It is looks like in a city with
tall high-rise buildings, a lot
of cars are on the highway.
He's back to studying his map.
And he seems a little confused
as to where he's supposed to go.
So he's looking very closely at
one section of the map. The
animal that's following him is
still following him, and the
animal has a tail also.
And is looking at the man.
Now he's under a very tall.
Bridge that looks like it's.
Under water.
With boats going through the
arches of the bridge.
And along the bottom of the
arches are a number of.
Buildings that look like
teepees. But I think the teepees
are not built out of canvas. It
looks like they're built out of
cement.
The teepees also have big like.
Portholes in them tips are
decorated with stripes and.
Can't really tell if they're
colored. A lot of people are
standing along the.
The area around the teepees.
Looks like the man who was
studying the map with the animal
who's following him is also
standing there, still looking at
his map.
There are some other animals
walking along looks like a.
Dog and a cat and a snail.
And a bird flying.
There.
Seem to be a lot of boats. I
don't know if they're in in the
water or if these are flying
boats.
Going through the arches.
Small boats and couple very
large boats.
Umm.
It looks like in the.
In the back way behind the.
Bridge.
Through the arches you can see
what looks like.
Hillsides with trees.
And a road.
Perhaps.
They don't think these people,
these boats are underwater. I
think these boats are flying
boats. If they were underwater,
the people wouldn't be standing
there.
{Would you like me to?
Sure.}
So the next page has this
strange looking animal again
with the tail and feet talking
to another very strange looking
animal that looks like a.
Bird, perhaps with two legs and
two big pointy ears.
Standing by those two people is
the man who we have been talking
about with the dark Gray suit
and dark hat and with the map,
and next to him now is a lady
who looks like she is reading in
a book. She has a long dress and
dark hair, and now the man is
asking her a question, maybe
asking for directions or if she
knows where something is.
The lady has stopped reading her
book, and now she's pointing to
the map helping the man.
To find something on the map.
She's pointing to an object on
the map.
The woman is talking to what
looks like a telephone.
Robot.
But it has a Rotary dial, like
on the old Rotary dial phones.
And now I think the man is
probably dialing a number or the
woman is dialing a number on
there and she's pulling a lever
and now there's a big.
Like megaphone.
On this robot telephone and it's
issuing a ticket.
And she is pointing to the
ticket and handing it to the man
and he's putting the ticket in
his hand and he's holding it.
And.
Now there's a group of people
who are around the teepee
looking buildings pointing up in
the sky at the boats that are
flying through the air.
Um, some people are pointing.
A man on a bicycle is standing
and looking.
A lot of people are facing,
facing away, looking up at the
sky.
The strange animal with the tail
and the four legs is still
following the man, who has
folded up his map and is walking
somewhere.
It looks like maybe a big boat
is there and now someone is
punching his ticket and guiding
him in.
So now the man is about to sit
down on a bench with his strange
looking animal that's following
him and he's talking to another
woman and there's other people
around, a woman with a baby on
her on her back in a little pack
and another man sitting in front
of him reading.
And the man is talking to this
woman, and.
Gesturing with his hands. His
hand is his hands are out, maybe
asking a question. So now he's
reaching in his suit coat pocket
and he's taking something out
and he's showing the woman a a
flyer. And it looks like the
flyer has a picture.
On it, along with a number of
words, and the woman is looking
at the flyer.
Now she's holding the flyer and
asking him some questions about
it. On the Flyer is a picture of
a young girl with chin length
hair. She looks kind of sad.
I can't read anything that's on
the flyer, though it looks now
like we have gone to maybe where
this little girl is. Maybe this
man is looking for this little
girl.
So this little girl with the
short chin length dark hair is
reading a book and now it looks
like someone is coming up to
take the book away from her and
she doesn't want him to do that.
But someone has taken the book
away from her and put it in a
Pulled out a drawer in a dresser
and he's putting the book away
and he's put a lock on it and
locked it up.
So now he's handing the little
girl a shovel, and the little
girl has gone over to a big.
Furnace looking.
Object that.
Has fire inside of it, and she's
shoveling something inside
there.
Inside the into the fire and now
a lot of smoke is coming out.
And she is on a ladder, climbing
up to the top to clean out the
chimney.
So there are a lot of.
Looks like younger children.
Each shoveling.
It's probably coal or something
into these furnaces.
Each furnace is divided by a by
by cement walls, and each
furnace has a large smokestack
that has smoke coming out of it.
You can see the little girl has
climbed up to the top and is
cleaning out one of the
smokestacks.
And now she's sitting on the
side with holding her head in
her hands. And now she's gone
back with the shovel. It looks
like maybe she's trying to
escape. She's put the shovel in
the side of the door and has
managed to pry the door open,
checking to make sure nobody is
seeing her. She found the keys
for the drawer that has her
book. She opened the drawer.
By putting the key into the
lock, and now she's gotten her
book and she is running.
She has escaped through by
crawling through a window, still
holding her book.
And she has found a train and
climbed onto 1 into one of the
train cars and is huddled in the
train car with her book by her
side, and the train is traveling
away.
Now we're back to a scene where
it looks like these boats that
are flying in the air. The boat
has a lot of people on it with a
large smokestack and white smoke
coming out of it.
It looks like they're in a
foreign country because the
words that are on the signs
along on the sides of the
building.
Are in a language that I can't
read. It looks like different
symbols maybe.
Asian symbols.
A billboard with a woman with a
cup of coffee and she's smiling.
Then there is.
I think the man who has been
searching with the map.
Is sitting on the bench talking
to a woman with a white dress
and she has dark hair and she's
pointing off to the side.
There's a man with a megaphone.
I don't know what he's
announcing.
And it looks like people
standing along a pier with a
big.
With the big boat.
The the man with the dark suit
and the map is saying goodbye to
the woman.
Who's still sitting on the
bench. She's the one in the
white dress. And now the man's
walking away with his strange
looking animal following him.
And he's thinking about
something and has his hand on
his chin.
Now he's looking at a big
strange scene of.
Of buildings.
With.
Umm.
Pathways and and.
Short walls leading.
Down to an area where there is a
very large animal. I don't know
if it's a real animal or a
statue who's holding a bowl with
maybe some.
Food in it.
And there's also some other
people walking around, one with
a basket and another one, and an
older man with somebody helping
him walk.
OK.
Now the man in the brown suit is
still walking down the sidewalk
with his strange little animal
helper.
And there's a lot of people,
different people walking around.
Umm.
And.
It looks like an older.
It looks like a man is maybe
selling some fish.
Or alive fish? and an older man
with a beret is looking at it.
There's somebody looking in a
book.
That has a lot of drawings of
apple and cheese and bread and
fish.
And milk.
And.
There is a wall with.
Maybe a lot of drawers, and the
strange little animal is looking
at one of the drawers.
And the man in the dark suit
with the map has now opened one
of the one of the drawers.
So now the man's looking at a
book.
Now someone is taking something
out of one of those drawers.
And it looks like a boy is
holding.
Umm.
Maybe some fruit?
Looks like a large strawberry.
Maybe he's trying to sell it to
the to the man, but the man is
pointing to his book with the
pictures, and in the book is a
loaf of bread, and he's pointing
to the loaf of bread, and he's.
I think asking if it can be
sliced. He's making a motion
with his hand like he's slicing
something. There's another man
who is wearing glasses and a
white shirt and suspenders and
he's pointing to something else
on the wall, the wall that looks
like it has drawers and it's
taking something out of one of
those. He's opened a door in
there and he's taking something
out and it looks like he is
holding an eggplant. He has a
big smile and he's offering it
to the man and the man is
Smelling it.
To see if he maybe wants to buy
it.
And there's a little boy with a
holding a big empty basket. I
think they've managed to sell
all of their food.
OK.
Another man with the glasses in
the white shirt and suspenders
is holding more food. Maybe.
I don't know, shrimp or
something. And the little boy is
is next to him, holding a horn
of some sort.
And he has a big smile on his
face.
He's also holding what looks
like a very large... the little
boy is holding a very large
strawberry with a big smile on
his face.
And the man with the white shirt
and suspenders is.
Opening up a shell that has like
little tentacles coming out of
it. Now he's also holding what
looks like a snake,
I guess. He's holding a lot of
different objects and with his
thumb up.
Like whatever he's holding is a
good item to buy. Little boy is
taking a bite out of the
strawberry and now the little
boy is also feeding something to
that strange looking animal
that's been walking along with
the.
Man with a dark suit.
The little boy is telling the
man with the white shirt and
suspenders a secret.
And now the man with the white
shirt and suspenders is talking
to the man with the dark suit,
and the little boy is pointing
somewhere else. And now they're
walking towards a lot of boats
on...
Tied up to dry ground with
castles in the background.
#END_arrival_4
OK. Wow.
I know there's like a lot there.
Let me see what we have next.
It's hard to describe something.
You don't know what it is. Yeah,
you know.
And maybe that's part of the
study is describe something you
don't really know.
Let's see what's next for you.
OK, got to go.
OK, I'm going to share my screen
and if you would you like to
take a break, like a 3 minute
break.
I'm good. I have something to
drink here. If if you're good,
I'm good, OK.
Wow.
OK, so when you're ready, you
could be just describing it
again. Yep, this is another
complex scene, like some of the
ones we were seeing before. So
not a story, not a story.
#START_being_a_pirate OK, so now
we're looking at a large lake,
or perhaps a sea or the ocean.
And along the edge of the water
there is some land. They must be
in a tropical area because there
are a lot of palm trees.
There is a tall Cliff.
At one end.
Of the land with palm trees on
the top.
Along the land there are people.
Looking out over the water.
There's another group who's
getting ready to launch a wooden
boat into the water.
There are.
People looks like they're
protecting the land. Maybe they
are holding.
Rifles or guns?
And there's another group that's
looking looks like they're
looking into a treasure chest,
but the treasure chest looks to
be empty.
So out in the water there is a
very large pirate ship, and the
pirate ship is.
Wooden.
And has.
Three different.
Masts that have sails on them,
but the sails are are wrapped up
so the sails are not out. You
can't see them.
But there's people climbing all
over the boat. Way up on the top
there are.
People who looks like they're
trying to push some people off
the top.
There's a somebody with a blue
and white striped shirt who's
falling off the top of it. It
looks like there's people who
might be fighting.
It's a pirate ship, so there's
probably pirates and there's
probably people who are trying
to take over the ship.
There is a there are blue and
white flags on the pirate ship.
There are rope ladders.
1234567 at least eight rope
ladders with people climbing up
and down the rope ladders.
Trying to get off or trying to
get up to the top.
Um.
There.
It looks like there are cannons
and they are shooting cannons,
the black cannons, and they have
big white puffs of smoke coming
out of them.
So the pirate ship is shooting
cannons out at other boats, but
there are other smaller boats
who are shooting cannons at the
big boat, so around the big
pirate ship.
There are a lot of small wooden
row boats that are full of
people. They are rowing to and
from the large pirate ship.
There's a couple wooden row
boats that have sunk and there's
people in the water.
Raising up their hands for help.
There.
Are people saving other people.
So there's a boat that has some
men in it who have the blue.
Striped shirts on and they are
grabbing people who are in the
water. There's someone with a
red shirt that they're trying to
save.
And someone else with a blue
hat.
There's also a large octopus in
the water.
That octopus is giant. It's as
big as some of the small wooden
row boats, and the octopus has
grabbed some of the people with
its tentacles and has its
tentacles wrapped around the
people who are flailing their
arms and legs, asking for help.
There.
Is someone.
Who looks like they're in a
small.
Rowboat. But I think the rowboat
actually looks like a bathtub.
And the man is sitting in water
in the bathtub.
In the water.
Well, there's a pirate.
These take taking place.
There are pirate flags. There's
another ship that's smaller than
the large pirate ship, but it's
still a pretty good sized pirate
ship with pirate flags on it and
people.
Oh, there's somebody walking the
plank, so there's a pirate with
a sword.
Walking someone out on the front
of the ship.
And that person has the blue
stripe shirt and pants on.
And is on the edge of the.
Plank. #END_being_a_pirate
OK.
Perfect. Go on forever.
I know there is so much. Let's
see what we have next.
I'm talking too long. Ohh here.
Good. I've I've been keeping
track and trying to share. So
OK, so now we're going to have
another story.
Let's go.
OK.
So this is a story and it's
three slides. So just tell the
story.
Tell me when you would like me
to move on. There are three
slides to the story.
#START_arrival_2 So this story
starts with.
A couple people sitting with
some suitcases.
And they have a white covering
over their head. Looks like
they're just waiting. And
there's also a group of men in
dark suits and dark hats and
looks like suitcases or
packages.
There's also a woman holding a
baby.
The man with the dark suit and
hat is now writing in a book.
Looks like he's sitting on a
bench or his suitcase while he's
waiting, he's writing something
in his book.
He's ripping a page out of the
book that he just wrote on and
he's folding it up.
Into an origami bird.
And he's holding it.
Holding it by the tip of his
fingers, looking at the origami
bird and it looks like the bird
has now come to life and the man
is watching it fly off.
And he's got his hand up to his
hat watching the bird fly off.
And the origami bird has joined
lots of other origami birds who
are flying in the sky above a
large ship with smokestacks, or
maybe they're called gunnels
smokestacks. And on the on the
deck of the boat there are a lot
of people who are watching all
the origami birds fly.
Up in the sky.
And now we're still on the ship
with all of the people, and it
looks like the origami birds
have flown way off in the
distance in a in a V formation
and they're flying over.
A city with a lot of tall
skyscrapers in the water along.
But by the big ship are a lot of
other smaller ships and medium
sized ships. There are a lot of
boats in the harbor.
The people on the large ship are
now looking at.
Um, it looks like 2 boats that
have.
Two large statues on them.
Statues of men.
They're shaking hands and one
has a bird on his shoulder and
the other has what looks like a
rabbit with a long tail on his
arm, and they're both in.
Boats.
With some other items in their
boats, one has like a kettle and
a tea kettle and one has a
suitcase and cup and saucer.
OK.
Now we're looking at looking
towards the large ship where all
the people are are on it, the
one with the smokestacks and
the.
This large ship is dark colored.
There are the origami birds
flying around and there are some
smaller ships around it. In the
sky it's very cloudy, but
between the clouds you can see
the sun shining through very
brightly.
There are some people who look
like they are waiting to get
onto the ship, and there's the
man with the megaphone.
Is talking through the megaphone
and he has a top hat on and he's
pointing, probably giving them
directions where to go, and it
looks like someone is opening
opening a gate by pulling a
rope.
And another person is pulling a
handle on the other side of the
gate.
People, there's someone who's
picked up their suitcase and it
looks like they're walking.
Towards the ship.
And there's still a very large
group of people who are waiting
with suitcases. They're all the
men are all in hats, and the
women have white coverings over
their head. #END_arrival_2
Perfect. And now I'll pull up
the next one.
OK, the next one is another.
Um story. This one only has two
slides.
Ohh.
OK.
Ready.
#START_arrival_3 OK, there's a
young boy who looks to be a
newsboy and he's holding a
newspaper under his arm, and
also some posters. And the
posters again have some symbols
on it that appear to be a
foreign language that I don't
know what it is, and he's
standing on the sidewalk. Behind
him are also some other people,
another man in a dark trench
coat and a hat.
Maybe reading one of the
newspapers there's a lady
holding what looks like a
Siamese cat that's white.
And the ladies got dark hair,
and she's wearing a dress with
an apron, and she's talking to
another lady who's wearing a
dress.
There's a man who has like a.
Street side vending cart.
Um, with the cart has spoked
wheels on it, and it has what
looks like a little smokestack
off the top because there's
white smoke coming out of it and
there's a tea kettle and a cup
on the top.
But attached to it is a basket
that looks like it has a Komodo,
dragon, lizard.
In the basket.
Umm, there's also a.
A man and a woman who are
picking up something out of a
wooden crate and it looks like
they are gigantic eggs.
Really large eggs. There's
another man who is working as a
Barber.
And.
He is shaving someone who's
sitting on a wood stool with a
white cape on around him.
And a young boy is waiting and
on the ground.
On the cobblestone street
ground, it looks like there are
some large snails.
There's two people who are
playing music. One is playing
what looks like a kind of a a
fiddle or a violin, and one is
playing something, I don't know
what it is it looks like.
It's got a horn.
I
Don't know what it is? And
there's a music stand with some
music that they're reading and
down on the bottom, down on the
sidewalk are some strange
looking birds.
Let's see, is there oh our man
with the dark suit and dark hat?
Looks like maybe the same man is
pondering something with his
hand on his chin.
And he's holding his suitcase.
And now the man with the dark
suit and hat is looking at his.
His old antique watch.
Umm.
And he's.
Looking at his watch, but
looking off in the distance
also.
He's now walking down the street
with his suitcase, walking by
some buildings with some strange
lettering on it.
The buildings also have big
doors with archways on them, and
no one else is around him right
now.
He's looking up in the sky.
At what looks to be lights that
are round circle lights that are
floating in the sky like hail,
but they're lights, they're lit
up and now they're kind of
raining down on him and his
hat's flying off. So his hat
flew down on the ground and he's
picked it up and put it back on
his head. I think that's his
map. He has his map again and
he's now crouched down on the.
I think the sidewalk actually
has a big map on it. He's
crouched down on the sidewalk
with his suitcase, reading
something in his book.
Someone has come up to him and
he's a little startled.
But the man
Is reaching out his hand, and
this man has a white turban kind
of hat with a white cloak, and
the man with the dark suit is
asking him a question and the
man in the white cloak is
thinking about it.
And now he is telling him
something, gesturing with his
hands.
The man in the dark suit is
drawing something in his book
and showing it to the other man,
and the picture is a bed with a
window.
And the man in the white cloak
now knows what he's talking
about. So he's
gesturing for him to follow him.
So the man in the dark suit is
following the man in the white
cloak. The man in the white
cloak has a like backpack
kind of on him that has a
strange looking animal in it.
#END_arrival_3
Yeah, can't wait. My husband can
hear me talking. I can't wait to
ask him later. Could you picture
what I was saying?
OK, let's see what we have next.
3.
OK, we have another.
The complex scene next.
If I can find it.
Ohh there we go.
OK, and now I'm going to.
Share my screen.
And then?
Wow.
Ready. Yep.
#START_ancient_rome OK, this
picture looks like it's in
ancient...
oh, ancient Rome in a big
Colosseum. So the
arena
circle has big tall walls around
it
with people inside
this circle. A lot of people
inside this circle. Looks like
they are
fighting and playing games.
There's.
There are a number of lions. The
Lions are already in the arena
and there's additional lions
coming in a door through the
through the wall.
There.
Are people.
With.
Whips. There's a person with a
whip is I supposed to control
the lion if he gets out of
control, there's other people
with Shields and swords who are.
Um, sword fighting.
There's.
A chariot with.
Four horses.
A Gray one, a light colored one,
a dark brown and a light brown
horse.
Pulling a chariot and the man
who was standing in the chariot
looks like he fell out and he's
holding on with one arm and
being kind of dragged behind the
chariot. He's wearing a green.
Outfit.
The chariot has big.
Umm.
I suppose wooden wheels and the
chariot is white and.
Red.
There are.
There.
There's another chariot.
That is yellow and inside the
chariot is a brown horse.
And the horse has in his mouth.
A number of.
Reins or ropes that lead to
people. And there's 1234
different people who are running
in front of the chariot, pulling
the chariot with the horse in
it.
There's another chariot.
That is white with blue trim and
there's a man in the chariot
with reins that lead to probably
4 different horses.
And the horses are pulling the
chariot.
There.
Are a lot of people who are
sword fighting with Shields and
swords.
There.
are
Goodness.
Let's see. Oh, there's actually
a stack of lions.
There's a bunch of lions who
have formed a pyramid along the
back wall of the arena, and the
lions are escaping. So they're
climbing up to the top of the
pyramid and climbing over the
wall, and as they climb over the
wall, they're scaring all the
people who are sitting there
watching, and the people are
scattering. The people are
wearing all different colored
outfits, yellow, blue, red.
And they're running as fast as
they can away from the lions.
There's also another.
Area of the wall where there's a
lion.
Leaning up against the wall as
some people are escaping up a
rope up and over the wall.
They are getting away from the
lion.
So another group of people who
have formed not really a
pyramid, but there's a man on
the bottom with another man
standing on top of him, and a
man on top of him, and another
man on top of him so that they
can escape over the wall.
#END_ancient_rome
Time up.
Yep, you're good.
You could just go on and on.
There's so much in these
pictures. Let's see what's next.
The horse and the chariot was so
funny, yes.
OK, next we have.
OK. And I will.
So this is another.
Short story, it's five slides.
You could let me know when to
move on from each slide and I
will share my screen.
Five slides.
Am I giving too much detail or
this is OK? Yeah, this is what
we're looking for.
OK, so you could begin when
you're ready.
#START_arrival_1 OK, the story
begins with a.
Picture with a frame around it
and it looks to be a man and a
woman and a child.
The child is in a white dress,
the man's in a dark suit, and
the woman has a dark skirt with
a white blouse. Now someone's
picking up the picture and
wrapping it carefully in some
white fabric and tying it with
a.
With some string, they've tied
it up and they've put it inside
of a suitcase or a briefcase.
And the probably the suitcase.
And the suitcase has a belt
around it to secure it closed.
OK.
And now we see the origami bird
again.
In one picture. And another
picture of a mantle clock and
it's the time is 10 after 10,
and hanging on the wall is a
dark hat, a man's hat with a
white towel. There's also a.
kettle with a spoon.
And there's also a picture that
has a hand-drawn picture of a
man in a hat with a woman and a
child. And the sun is shining
and there's.
Birds flying and there's a bird
on the man's arm.
There's also a tea kettle.
And a cup and saucer.
And open suitcase. And again a
picture with a man and a woman
and a child. Now all of those
individual pictures are also
showing in a larger picture. So
in the larger picture,
everything is showing together.
The origami bird, a shelf at the
top with with bottles and the
mantle clock and clock is still
showing 10 after 10. And on the
wall is hanging the man's hat
and the white towel.
And the hand-drawn picture that
we saw.
There's a wood table with three
wood chairs and on the table are
our cups and saucers with.
Maybe tea in them and a teapot
and the suitcase that we saw
earlier that has the leather
strap around it and there's a
man with a.
Dark suit. He has dark pants and
a dark vest and a white shirt,
and the woman has a white dress
and they have their hands on top
of the suitcase and she has her
hand on top of the man's hand.
OK.
And now we see the little girl,
and the little girl is sleeping,
but now she's waking up and
yawning and she's sitting up in
in probably in bed with some
blankets yawning and rubbing her
eyes. Now she's eating something
out of a white bowl with a
spoon.
And she is sitting at the wood
table.
We also see the same suitcase
with the strap around it.
There's the man in the dark suit
putting on his hat.
And then the woman is putting on
a white cloth over her head
scarf, and the little girl is
getting dressed with a hat and
jacket and putting on boots. And
now the little girl is trying to
lift up the suitcase and hand it
to the man with the dark suit,
and the man has taken it in his
hand. And now all three of them
are walking down the sidewalk
and street outside of a large
building on the building is a
shadow of what looks like.
A Dragon's tail.
Very large dragon tail.
So now the little girl is
looking up in the sky, holding
hands.
With maybe both the man on one
side and the woman on the other,
and they're at a train.
Depot. A train is just coming
into the station with Big Black
smoke coming out of it and a lot
of people are are waiting
alongside the train with
suitcases.
Um.
The man has taken off his hat
and there's the one of the
origami birds is on his head and
he's taken it in his hands and
handed it to the little girl.
And the little girls taking the
origami bird and is holding it.
And she's hugged the man in the
dark. She's hugging the man in
the dark suit.
The woman with the white scarf
over her head is crying and
dabbing a handkerchief to her to
her eyes and hugging the man.
Probably goodbye.
And now the man is whispering
something in the man in the
woman's ear and holding her.
The man is now stepping on to
the train and he has the
suitcase with him. He's reached
his hand outside of the train
car and the woman and the little
girl have grabbed his hand.
And now it's the train is going
away.
They're
They can't hold hands anymore
and the train is traveling away
with black smoke coming out of
it.
So now we're back looking at the
picture with the frame, with the
man and the woman and the little
girl, and they're all smiling in
the picture.
And there is looks to be the
man.
Eating something out of a white
bowl with a spoon and he's
looking at the picture with the
man, the woman and the child.
Now he's looking out of a
porthole and the porthole is
actually on a very large ocean
liner ship.
And the ocean liner has rows of
lit up portholes. There are
three smokestacks with smoke
coming out of the top of the
ocean liner. #END_arrival_1
Hey, I'm going to pull up the
next.
OK.
I hope these stories have an
ending. So like want to find out
what.
Sure they don't.
OK. So the next one is a story.
It's 20 slides and like, so this
one, so like before 10 to 15
minutes to talk about the story
and then as you're ready, you
just have me move through the
slides. I'm going to share my
screen and I'm going.
To play from the beginning, and
you could begin when you're
ready. I'm just describing and
telling the story.
OK.
#START_journey So we're standing
outside a building that looks to
be a three story building.
There's a street lamp.
And there's a mailbox.
Can't quite see mailbox with.
Oh yeah, and next to it is
someone on a bicycle and someone
on a skateboard and they're high
fiving each other. And then
there's another little boy who's
standing next to the mailbox
staring at the house and there's
a stoplight.
This House must be on a corner.
And a fire hydrant.
Then you can kind of see inside
the building, outside on the
front steps is a little girl.
Sitting on the steps with her
red
scooter, in front of her, leaned
up against the the railing.
And you can see.
Inside the house in inside four
different rooms. So one room
looks to be a study where a man
is sitting at a desk with a
computer.
And he's sitting in a rolling
desk chair and there are
bookshelves.
Next to him, full of books.
And on the wall are a couple
picture frames.
In another room, you can see a
young girl lounging on a couch.
Looking at something in her
hand.
And there's a large picture on
the wall above her.
And then you can see another
picture looks like a woman in a
kitchen, and the woman is
standing at the stove.
Stirring something that's on the
stove top, stirring something in
the saucepan and there's a large
vent above the stove. She's also
talking on the phone and has the
phone tucked on her left ear.
And the phone is is a wall phone
that has a cord attached to it.
So the old style phones.
And she's got a cupboard door
open with a lot of different
things in the cupboard. Looks
like spices. She's probably
adding to her pot that she's
cooking.
And then there's another room
that looks to be the entryway to
the house. So there's a what's
called a coat tree. So it's a
large stand that has coats
hanging on it and and a hat.
And there's a small entryway
table with a.
Lamp on top of the table and a
large vase in the corner with
some.
Flowers or foliage coming out of
the vase.
And on the wall. The wall has
wallpaper on it.
And there's two pic two framed
pictures on the wall.
Then there's a door from the
entryway that looks like it goes
to the steps that go upstairs,
and it has the steps have
carpeting on and a curved
railing, and there's a mirror on
the wall.
You can also kind of see
underneath that looks like it's
in the basement with big pipes
and.
And things running through it.
OK, sorry.
So now we see three individual
pictures. One is the woman in
the kitchen stirring something
on the stove top in the kettle.
She's still on the phone.
She's wearing a skirt and a
blouse.
And there's the little girl that
had the red scooter. She's now
inside the kitchen and has her
red scooter in the kitchen also.
Now the little girl has gone
into the study where the man is
at the desk with the computer,
and now she has a red kite that
she is pulling behind her,
dragging it on the floor.
And now she's gone into the
room, I think, with the girl
who's lounging on the couch, and
it looks like the little girl
now has a red ball with her.
And then there's a large picture
where the little girl looks to
be very lonely and she's in her
bedroom.
And the the blanket on her bed
has sailboats on it, and she is
leaning up against the corner of
the bed with a pillow. On the
wall is a map of the world.
Her light that hangs down from
the ceiling is actually looks
like a hot air balloon.
Light.
On the floor is a cat who is
curled up sleeping.
There's a dresser.
That has four drawers and on top
is a lamp.
And it's in front of a window
that looks outside.
And you can see outside the
window are tall buildings.
OK.
Now the little girl is still in
her room.
But the cat has woke up and is
walking outside the room.
And on the floor, the little
girl is looking at something on
the floor it looks to be like
papers and a red.
Mark red marker.
And now you can see the little
girl.
Is grabbing the red marker and
she is drawing on the wall and
she has drawn a door, a red door
that.
Opens up and the little girl is
escaping through the door.
Now the little girl is on the
other side of the red door.
And she has entered into a.
Beautiful, calm looking forest.
And in the forest there is a
stream that is winding through
the forest.
And hung up from tree to tree
are strings of lights.
And hanging from some of the
lights are blue lanterns.
Umm.
Some of the lanterns are real
small and some of them are
larger and some of them look to
be kind of an Asian style.
Lantern.
And the girl is looking up at
all the lanterns.
Now the little girl is by the
stream, and there is a little
short dock that is built from
the from the land out into the
stream, and she's standing at
the edge of the stream, still
holding her red marker, and
she's looking at the reflection
in the stream the little girl
has leaned.
kneeled down on the edge of the
dock with her red marker and
she's drawing in the water.
She's now laying down with her
feet up in the air, laying on
her stomach, continuing to draw,
and she's actually drawing a
little boat and she's drawn.
It's a bright red boat.
And she has gotten into the
boat.
So now you can see the little
girl is still in the boat in the
stream, headed towards a very
large castle.
I guess the castle has a large.
Moat around it.
And it looks like the Moat with
the water winds out into a
larger body of water.
The.
Castle is very large with a lot
of different turrets and domes.
Some of the domes look like they
are covered in gold, so they're
very bright and shiny.
There is.
So the so the girl in the red
boat is headed towards a small.
Bridge over the Moat into
towards the castle, but there's
also on the other side a much
taller bridge.
Um with.
A boat underneath in the water
in the Moat and on top of that
bridge it looks like it's a
water bridge with another boat.
Crossing the bridge.
OK.
So now you can still see the
little girl in the red boat and
she has made it into what looks
like a series of locks, raising
her up higher on the water.
Bridge, water bridges. And there
is an attendant at the at the
bridge, at the locks, who is
waving to her, greeting the
little boy, I mean greeting the
little girl. And there are other
people.
Under one of the large domes who
are standing on the side waving
to the little girl, and they're
in uniforms that are kind of
greenish, yellowish uniforms.
There are also some other locks.
And water bridges where other
people are entering in other
boats and standing on the boats.
Umm.
Yeah, OK.
So now the little girl in the
red boat has come to the edge of
one of the water.
Waterways over the bridge and
she's coming to the edge where
the water is falling down like a
big waterfall and there are men
in uniforms up in the tower
above her who are waving, I
think, trying to warn her.
Not to go over the waterfall.
There are still some other water
bridges that you can see where
people are in other other boats.
So now the girl still has the
white marker with her and as
she's falling she's drawing a
big.
Half circle with her red magic
marker.
So she hasn't just drawn half
circle, she's drawn an entire
bright red hot air balloon, and
she is in the red basket at the
bottom of the hot air balloon,
waving to the men in the
uniform.
That she is safe and the men in
the uniform are in a big tower.
That at the very top has a
weather vane, and the weather
vane has a sailboat on it.
So now we're also looking inside
the clouds.
Where the girl is going with the
hot air balloon and there is a.
Steam contraption that looks
like it's a half boat.
Half flying object with
smokestacks with smoke coming
out of them and what looks like
a large kind of paddle wheel and
a propeller on the end.
And you can see some other
smaller.
Well, it look like blimps with
people in them.
Now you can still see the girl
in the red basket of the red hot
air balloon. She still has her
red magic marker with her and
she's looking out at the clouds.
And you can still see the large.
Contraption that has the
smokestacks and the paddle wheel
and the propeller still in the
clouds, along with a smaller.
Kind of blimp like object and it
looks like someone.
With a has a net and is trying
to catch a purple bird that is
flying through the clouds and
the person with the net is.
Being held onto the blimp by two
people holding on to their the
person's legs and they're hoping
to catch the bird and put it in
the bird cage that they have on
the blimp.
So now we still see the girl in
the red hot air balloon.
And she is much closer to the.
Um, flying half boat half.
I don't know what it is.
The contraption with the
smokestacks and it is very
large, much much larger than her
hot air balloon.
And on top of it, by the two
smokestacks you can see what
looks like a gold.
Statue kind of built, and it's a
gold bird with its wings spread
out wide and on the other side.
Is a platform where it looks
like the people have caught the
purple bird and put it in the
bird cage and they are lowering
the bird cage down to the
platform.
OK.
And now you see the girl in the
hot air balloon has landed the
hot air balloon on that platform
on that large flying
contraption, and she is running
across a bridge still with her
red magic marker towards one of
the smokestacks that has an open
door.
Up above the between the two
smokestacks, there's a bridge
and you can see two people are
marching.
And they have a pole between
them that is carrying the bird
cage, the bird cage that has the
purple bird in it. And they are
going into an open door on the
other smokestack so you can see
the the gold statue with the
bird that has its wings
outspread. It looks more, the
bird looks more like a dragon
with its wings stretched out, a
dragon with a long snout, and it
looks to be all gold.
on a and there's a platform
under the gold roof and it has
two guards who are guarding the
purple bird in the bird cage.
And down on either side of this
platform are two ladders, and on
one ladder the little girl has
climbed up, and she is.
Right at the top of that
platform with her red marker.
Now the two guards are startled
because the little girl has
grabbed that bird cage with the
purple bird and she is running
away with it.
You can see.
The back end of the large
contraption with the the flying
contraption with the two
smokestacks.
You can see that she has made it
across a small bridge out onto
a, a round platform and she is
releasing the purple bird into
the air and the cage is next to
her with the open door and her
red marker is.
Is sitting next to the bird cage
and two of the security guards
with spears are running after
her.
So now out on that platform, the
you can still see the bird cage
with the open door. And there's
one.
Guard who is standing on the
edge and he has grabbed her red
marker and has dropped it off
the side of that platform. There
are two security guards, 2
guards who have grabbed the
little girl's arm and pulling on
one arm while she's reaching out
with the other arm trying to get
that red marker.
At the back end now you can see
her in a kind of open cage like
that is being lowered by a
pulley down from the back end by
the propeller.
Of this large contraption and
two people are lowering her
down.
So now the little girl is still
in this open cage like device
that is being lowered down, but
here comes the purple bird
flying towards her and the
purple bird has found her red
marker and is bringing it to her
and she's jumping for joy. So so
now she's kneeling down on the
ground and the purple bird is on
her shoulder and she's drawing
something on the ground.
She continues to draw.
I don't know what she drew. Ohh
she drew. OK, so.
Now with her magic marker, she
drew a magic carpet, a red magic
carpet and she is on that and
has escaped from her kind of
cage and is flying above the
ground following the Purple
bird.
She's flying through the sky
that's full of stars.
And down below is one of the
castles and then in the
background you can see a
mountain range.
And the purple bird is also
flying. Looks to be guiding her,
and they're headed towards a
large palm tree.
So they've made it down to the
palm tree on the ground, and in
the bottom of the palm tree is
a.
Door.
And the little girl has the
marker in her hand as he's
walking towards the door. And
the purple bird is is next to
the door. So she's reaching for
the door and is opening it. And
as she opens that door, the
purple bird flies through the
the opening and the little girl
is climbing is crawling through
the opening.
So now the little girl is
actually coming out of the
mailbox. The mailbox that was in
the very first picture we talked
about.
Where the little boy was
standing outside the house with
the stoplight and the and the
street lights. So she's climbing
out of that mailbox and the
purple bird is there also.
The little girl has the red
marker in her hand and the
little boy that was standing
there.
Standing there looking at the
house has a purple marker in her
hand. His hand, and he's running
towards the bird and the little
girl.
The little.
Girl.
Is crouching down on the ground
and the little boys reached out
his hand to her, and the boy is
now holding the purple bird on
his hand.
The girl has is drawing a red
circle with her marker.
And the little boy is drawing a
purple circle with his marker.
Oops.
So now the red circle and the
Purple circle have become a
bicycle built for two. So the
little girl is sitting on the
front seat and the little boy is
sitting on the back seat, and
they're riding away with the
purple bird flying behind them.
#END_journey
Wow.
Quite a story.
Yes. OK. So right now it's 2:00
o'clock. So this has been our
hours.